(Yuya)
Previously on
"Yu‐Gi‐Oh! ARC‐V"...
Huh?
It's Duel Academy!
(Shay)
Yuya...
Lulu and Yuto are no longer
here because of you.
Therefore,
I will now get my revenge!
Let's duel!
Nothing will ease my pain...
but this sure
will feel good!
If I'm going down,
I'm taking you with me!
Due to Cross Damage,
you take the exact
same damage that I do!
Now they're both toast!
Yuya won?
Yuya, thanks a lot.
Huh?
For what, Shay?
For giving me hope.
At the end of the duel...
I looked into your eyes
and saw Yuto.
He's alive.
Alive within you,
Yuya.
So if he's still here...
Lulu must be alive, too?
Lulu must be alive, too!
If you can find a way
to save Zuzu,
you'll be saving Lulu as well.
Jack Atlas!
Your dueltaining is
nothing but a joke!
If that's the best you can do,
all of our worlds are doomed!
♪♪♪
♪♪ (Hey hey)
Can you feel the power? ♪
♪♪ You vs. me
competition for the victory ♪
♪♪ I could be the best
one day and make history ♪
♪♪ Swing into action ♪
♪♪ Are you ready to play? ♪
♪♪ Challenge anyone anywhere
(Go) ♪
♪♪ Any day
(C'mon) ♪
♪♪ You wanna take a chance ♪
♪♪ Go ahead and roll the dice
(Okay) ♪
♪♪ See if it's in your cards ♪
♪♪ If you will
pay the price ♪
♪♪ Activate the spell
let your powers come to life ♪
♪♪ (Go)
It's show time ♪
♪♪ Who will win the fight? ♪
♪♪ (Whoa)
I'm ready to duel ♪
♪♪ Go ahead and make
your move ♪
♪♪ (Go go go go) ♪
♪♪ I'll win this duel
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose ♪
♪♪ (Can you feel the power?) ♪
♪♪ I'll win this duel
you can't beat my rules ♪
♪♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose ♪
♪♪ Can you feel the power? ♪♪♪
(Yusho)
That's Jack Atlas.
The one and only.
He may be Yuya's friend
from the Synchro Dimension.
But he's also
a great adversary
that can push Yuya's skills
to the limit.
Ah, I see.
Well, aren't you the clever one,
Declan ol' boy.
(Jack)
Your dueltaining couldn't
make a hyena smile, Yuya!
(Sora)
Just ignore him.
Actually, I thought your
dueltaining was off, too.
You had everything set up
to summon Dark Rebellion XYZ
Dragon, but you didn't.
Why?
Because Yuya's a coward,
that's why!
The last time he was actually
brave enough to summon
his four special dragons was
when he transformed into Zarc.
So he's worried that Zarc
will awaken again
if he summons them!
How dare you be scared
of your own cards?
But, Jack...
"But, Jack" nothing!
You're no dueltainer
if you're not willing to play
all the cards in your deck!
In fact, you're not
even a duelist!
This isn't just about me!
I'm thinking
about Riley, too.
If I summon
those dragons,
Zarc might take over
Riley's body.
I know I have
to make Riley smile,
but there's gotta be
another way.
In fact, I'm surprised
that you'd be willing
to put Riley at risk.
You dare think that Jack Atlas
doesn't care
about Riley's wellbeing!
Huh?
When you're in a race
against time,
you can't afford
to slam on the brakes!
And the Master of Faster is
going to teach you that lesson
by challenging you
to a duel!
Duel Jack?
The sooner you start
the better.
Declan?!
Your dueltaining has been
sorely lacking.
Riley hasn't even
cracked a hint of a smile.
Actually, when I think
about it,
Riley's been frowning
even more than before.
What is wrong with you?
Yuya, you're supposed
to improve, not regress.
That's why I had you duel
Dennis and Shay,
but there isn't anything
to show for it now, is there?
And do you know why?
It's because
you're dueling in fear.
How can you dueltain
if you are in fact too scared
to truly dueltain?
But you still remain
our only hope.
So that is why
I had this constructed.
(man on PA)
Launching Interdimensional
track system.
(rumbling)
Huh?
Track engaged.
This, Yuya,
is the Multiverse Speedway.
An incredible Duel
Runner track that runs
throughall four
dimensions!
If this won't inspire you,
then nothing will.
But I don't have
a Duel Runner.
(Crow)
Don't let that stop you!
Crow!
Thought you might need a ride,
so I tuned it up for ya.
Even preset
the radio stations.
Don't thank me.
Just suit up!
I got to admit,
I'm jealous.
There's never been a Turbo Duel
like this in history!
I'll be rootin' for ya,
along with the rest
of the jackals.
Good luck.
Folks, we're all in for one
dilly of a duel today!
'Cause it's the rematch of
the Friendship Cup finals
between two of the most
darin' duel‐wranglers...
but this time we're gonna be
rarin' across not one,
but four different dimensions!
Well, buckaroos,
shall we start this rodeo?
(cheering)
(thinking)
It's like Declan knew
that my dueltaining
wouldn't be good enough yet.
Lasso up that
Action Field!
Crossover Acceleration!
(female computer voice)
Duel Mode engaged.
Autopilot standing by.
I don't know if I can beat Jack
without my dragons,
but I can't risk
summoning them either.
But if I don't defeat Jack,
there's no way
I'll save the world,
much less my friends.
I've always found a way to get
through any challenge,
and this is no different!
Giddyap, boys!
It's turbo time!
Let's duel!
I'll make the first move!
Let this be
a warning, Yuya!
I'm coming at you with every
monster in my deck,
starting with Red Gargoyle!
(growling)
And it'll be joined by
the Tuner Monster Red Resonator!
(giggling)
Red Gargoyle, turn up the temp
with your special ability!
Double Red Resonator's
Level to four!
And now my Level Four
Red Resonator
tunes with
my Level Four Red Gargoyle!
Now, from the ancient chasms
of a lost world
I awake a great
and terrible power.
I Synchro Summon!
Come forth,
Scarlight Red Dragon Archfiend!
Jack's gone straight
for the gut
with his number‐one
Monster!
In the wink of an eye, he put
Yuya in a bag of trouble!
I end my turn
with one facedown.
It's your move, Yuya.
And you know that the only
monster that can stand up
to my Dragon
is one of yours!
My turn! Ha!
I set the Pendulum Scale with
Scale One Stargazer Magician
and Scale Eight Timegazer
Magician!
I'm taking control
of this duel starting now!
I'm allowed to summon monsters
from Level two through seven
all at the same time!
My monsters are ready...
to swing into action!
Turn up the heat,
Odd‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon!
(roaring)
Kaching and do your thing,
Performapal Coin Dragon.
Max your muscles, Performapal
Odd‐Eyes Minitaurus!
Jack wanted a dragon,
and Yuya obliged double
what he was askin' for!
Can't wait to see what Yuya
has in store next!
Or maybe
I ain't seen nothin'.
Don't mock me, Yuya!
You know those aren't
the dragons
I was looking for!
Come on, you have
the cards to summon
your legendary dragon,
if you've got the grit!
Oh, I got the grit!
But still...
I can use two of my monsters
to summon Dark Rebellion now.
And then set up Clear Wing
and Starving Venom Dragon
for later.
But if I do, I might unleash
Zarc back into this world.
And last go‐around was
a nightmare.
And no one needs to relive
those bad dreams again.
I have to find a different way
to dueltain my way to victory!
Look there, it's Yuya!
Yuya, I'm counting on you
to sprinkle the dazzle
and pour the razzle!
My dragons are plenty powerful
on their own, Jack!
And even more so when
Performapal Coin Dragon
gives my dragons
an extra 500 attack points.
Odd‐Eyes, attack Scarlight Red
Dragon Archfiend
and crispify that turkey!
But not before my Odd‐Eyes
Minitaurus tenderizes
Scarlight Red Dragon Archfiend's
attack points by 300!
Odd‐Eyes, attack!
I'm dueling with an amateur.
Red Gem shields my Scarlight
from destruction.
But it won't shield you
from damage!
And with
Reaction Force in play,
you'll lose twice
the life points!
You're toasted!
Minitaurus, thanks for bulling
your way to an assist, buddy!
But now that your special
ability's over,
Scarlight Red Dragon Archfiend
regains its attack points.
(both)
They're heading
to the next dimension!
You should've summoned
your Dark Rebellion,
and now you'll pay
for that mistake!
It's my turn!
I activate Scarlight's
special ability!
It destroys
all of your monsters,
and you lose 500 life points
for each one!
I don't think so, Jack!
Because Performapal
Coin Dragon...
protects all my dragons!
(growling)
(grunts)
Very well then.
If Scarlight Red Dragon
Archfiend's special ability
won't destroy your dragon,
its attack will!
Incinerate Performapal
Coin Dragon!
Without Performapal
Coin Dragon,
Odd‐Eyes loses
500 attack points.
But it's okay.
Odd‐Eyes and I've gotten out
of tougher scrapes than this!
Stop your dribble‐drabble,
Yuya!
Your weak attempt
at dueltaining has
no chance of winning!
You need the other three
dimensional dragons!
And I'm saying
I don't, Jack!
It's too dangerous.
And not just for me.
But for everyone,
in every dimension.
I'll find another way!
You hear me?!
It's my turn!
All right!
Since the Pendulum Scale
is already set,
I can Pendulum Summon!
I'll bring back
Performapal Coin Dragon!
And Performapal Odd‐Eyes
Minitaurus!
Yuya...
This rodeo's
gettin' rascally!
Jack and Yuya may be friends
off the track,
but there are
no friends on the track!
My Coin Dragon's cashing in
by pumping up my dragons
with 500 attack points each!
(grunts)
It worked pretty good last time,
so here's an encore for ya!
Odd‐Eyes, attack
Red Dragon Archfiend!
And, Minitaurus, zap away
300 of Scarlight Red Dragon
Archfiend's attack points!
Spiral Flame Strike!
I activate the Action Spell
Evasion to dodge your attack.
Oh, no, you won't!
Not as long as I have Stargazer
Magician's Pendulum ability!
Instead of playing that spell,
it's placed facedown
on your field.
Did you actually think
I wouldn't plan
for that C‐minus maneuver?
By placing my spell facedown,
I can summon Red Giant!
And this behemoth automatically
ends the battle,
so your attack is worthless!
(grunts)
I'm ending my turn.
For a second there, it looked
like Yuya and his monsters
were finally gettin'
the upper hand,
but Jack keeps on matchin'
'em move for move.
And that's why they should've
asked me to duel
instead of Yuya.
When will they ever learn?
I don't know why Yuya isn't
summoning Dark Rebellion.
Jah, that dragon would really
flip this duel
more than a stack
of apple strudel flap‐‐
Hello! Don't you go and drool
during a duel, got it?!
Yuya really is
off his game.
Oh!
I'm his teacher,
and a good one too,
so I oughta know.
I can tell he's holding back,
as if he's scared to make
even one mistake.
(Yoko)
Well, he should put on
his big‐boy pants!
Uh, but he's
wearin' pants.
Come on, Yuya!
Your mom didn't raise
no coward!
You're supposed
to swing into action,
not bore us with
dissatisfaction!
Don't make me cut
your allowance!
Oopsie‐daisy.
There I go getting
carried away again.
But I'd never cut
his allowance,
not that I even give him
one in the first place.
You can sit down now.
(Jack)
You disappoint me, Yuya!
If you're telling me that you
can't gather the four dragons,
then there is no point
in fighting you!
I will demolish you this turn!
Just watch me.
I activate Red Reborn
to bring Red Giant
back from my graveyard!
(roaring)
And that's only the start!
Next I shall summon
the Tuner Monster...
Double Resonator!
And it transforms Red Giant
into another Tuner Monster!
Now, my Level Five Red Giant
and Level One Double Resonator
tune my Level Four Red Gargoyle!
Go, double tuning!
By failing to summon
your most powerful dragons,
you left me an opening
to summon mine!
Together these monsters will
call forth an absolute power
destined to rule this duel!
I Synchro Summon!
Bow down and tremble in terror
before Tyrant Red Dragon
Archfiend!
Go, Tyrant!
Attack and destroy
Performapal Coin Dragon!
Good‐bye!
Whoa!
Come on, Yuya!
You're up, Scarlight!
Destroy his Minitaurus!
Jack's dragon is gonna shell
out 1,800 points of damage,
but Yuya only has
1,400 life points left!
This next attack
will end the duel!
(Jack)
Go, Molten Crimson Flare!
(Yuto)
This is how you're gonna lose?
Wait.
Is that... Yuto?
(Yuri)
How could you not summon
Starving Venom Fusion Dragon?
(Yugo)
Or my Clear Wing
Synchro Dragon!
(Yuto)
Not to mention
my Dark Rebellion!
(all)
What's wrong with you?
But what if we resurrect Zarc?
What if we do?
You know that you can always
make things
swing your way again.
So don't you worry about
anything all right?
Exactly.
Try to enjoy the ride.
(all)
It will give you the strength
to keep moving forward!
I save Performapal
Odd‐Eyes Minitaurus
from destruction
and take no damage
by summoning Performapal
Odd‐Eyes Dissolver!
And Performapal Odd‐Eyes
Dissolver can dissolve away
one of your monster's
special abilities!
And I'm choosing your
Tyrant Red Dragon Archfiend!
Not so tyrannical
anymore, is it?!
You'll regret that big‐time!
You should have chosen
my Scarlight instead of Tyrant!
Because now I can use
Scarlight's special ability
to destroy all your monsters
and deal you 500 points
of damage for each one!
That's 1,500 points of damage,
which means you lose
this duel!
That's where
your math's wrong!
Odd‐Eyes Dissolver
can't be destroyed this turn,
so I only lose a thousand!
Yeah, but you're almost
down to zero...
and not even you can
survive on an empty tank!
You're right.
Maybe I can't,
but maybe we can.
Yuto, Yuri, and Yugo...
you were right.
It's a new dimension,
so it's a new me.
I can't be afraid of who I was
or I'll always be afraid
of what I'll be.
I draw!
Since I already set
the Pendulum Scale,
I can use it
again to Pendulum Summon!
Return from my Extra Deck,
Odd‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon!
Along with Performapal
Coin Dragon!
And Performapal Odd‐Eyes
Minitaurus!
Not this stupid
strategy again.
Oh, come on, Jack, don't be
a cranky old grumplepuss.
Sure, our last turn
may have been a flop,
but my monsters are back
with a whole new act!
Hmm, I only care
about one act.
And that's to see you summon
your four dimension dragons
to take on my team
and I in battle!
Well, then focus those eyes
'cause you're in
for great surprise.
All of my monsters are ready
to swing into action!
I overlay Performapal
Coin Dragon
and my Odd‐Eyes Minitaurus
in order to build
the Overlay Network!
Cloaked in shadows and
relentless in its objective.
I call upon the most dangerous
of Dragons!
I Xyz Summon!
Dark Rebellion XYZ Dragon!
Aww, yeah!
That's Yuto's dragon!
All right!
Fantabulous, Yuya!
(roaring)
(cooing)
Riley?
Riley's never reacted
to anything before.
Yuya summoning that dragon
must have triggered Zarc.
And up next, I'm summoning
a Tuner Monster,
Performapal Odd‐Eyes Synchron!
Here we go, Yugo!
Let's keep things
rolling along!
I tune Odd‐Eyes Synchron
with a monster
in my Pendulum Zone,
and that monster is
Stargazer Magician!
Beat your wings to whip up
a whirlwind of destruction!
I Synchro Summon!
Clear Wing Synchro Dragon!
Huh...
(cooing)
And last but not least!
My Performapal Odd‐Eyes
Dissolver can fuse
with my Timegazer Magician!
And together they'll bring out
the most toxic monster
ever seen!
I Fusion Summon!
The vicious, voracious,
and venomous
Starving Venom Fusion Dragon!
(cooing)
Oh, no.
Zarc's evil is waking up.
(Yusho)
Now, now.
You're a tough one, aren't you?
It'll all be over soon enough,
one way or another.
(roaring)
(snarling)
(thinking)
Well, here they are.
All four dimension dragons.
Sorry I kept you cooped up
in my deck for so long.
No going back.
But at least I'm not scared
of the unknown anymore.
It's time for me
to swing into action!